my name is dennis houses
I am a ground engineer at klm
engineering maintenance
between the flights we look at
the technical condition of the vehicles
has many technical maintenance we do
then release as wine from that
plane just safely away them again
continue step by step plan the newest
actually look at different ones
all that matters
4 safety can affect that
have to check
inspect the engine or one
layer is completely good well of course I am
also to the state of the landing gear
the wheels the tires the brakes
see if they are still irregularities
they are not there today
so good news
greeting gerard nice menu the checklist
how to finish inside the plane
are you going well good two and two was
happy seats
look with Dennis
at 10 o'clock in I think it will
is possible
so that the plane could be earlier
must fly than origin in the
planning was going ahead and get busy there
A leak has occurred here
you just have to see if I
wages of good where we find oppressed
to become
you have to do everything you have to
can grab and you need that code
system can operate
but you also need a toilet, for example
can resolve complaints or an oven
which does not work properly
all we in the operation of one
plane prevents that you have to
can grab
victor bravo thread we are waiting
still on the water
as soon as we have the we can test it
may carry out final complaints
handling yes
so good news this party
we completed fewer final checks so we
can indicate
technically quite the operation
Gentlemen
prove that see